.github/workflows/pull_request_template.md, before:

<!-- < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < ☺
v                               ✰  Thanks for creating a PR! ✰    
v    Before smashing the submit button please review the checkboxes.
v    If a checkbox is n/a - please still include it but + a little note why
v    If your PR doesn't close an issue, that's OK!  Just remove the Closes: #XXX line!
☺ > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > >  -->

Closes: #XXX

## What is the purpose of the change

> Add a description of the overall background and high level changes that this PR introduces

*(E.g.: This pull request improves area A by adding ....*


## Brief Changelog

*(for example:)*
 
  - *This adds frontend_asset_name to page_name*
  - *Adds a new button for ...*
  - *Removes the ...*


## Testing and Verifying

*(Please pick either of the following options)*

This change has been tested locally by rebuilding the website and verified content and links are expected

*(or)*

This change has not been tested locally, because (to-be-explained-why...)

## Documentation and Release Note

  - Does this pull request introduce a new feature or user-facing behavior changes? (yes / no)
  - How is the feature or change documented? (not applicable   /  [Osmosis web dev guide](https://docs.osmosis.zone/developing/web-dev-guide.html)   /   not documented)

Commit message:

update PR template to ask for clickup task link

.github/workflows/pull_request_template.md, after:

<!-- < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < ☺
v                               ✰  Thanks for creating a PR! ✰    
v    Before smashing the submit button please review the checkboxes.
v    If a checkbox is n/a - please still include it but + a little note why
v    If your PR doesn't close an issue, that's OK!  Just remove the Closes: #XXX line!
v    If you are a member of the Osmosis org, please include a link to the relevant clickup task in your PR description!
☺ > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > >  -->

Closes: #XXX

## What is the purpose of the change

> Add a description of the overall background and high level changes that this PR introduces

*(E.g.: This pull request improves area A by adding ....*

### ClickUp Task

Please provide a link to the ClickUp task for this pull request:

[ClickUp Task URL](PASTE_CLICKUP_TASK_URL_HERE)



## Brief Changelog

*(for example:)*
 
  - *This adds frontend_asset_name to page_name*
  - *Adds a new button for ...*
  - *Removes the ...*


## Testing and Verifying

*(Please pick either of the following options)*

This change has been tested locally by rebuilding the website and verified content and links are expected

*(or)*

This change has not been tested locally, because (to-be-explained-why...)

## Documentation and Release Note

  - Does this pull request introduce a new feature or user-facing behavior changes? (yes / no)
  - How is the feature or change documented? (not applicable   /  [Osmosis web dev guide](https://docs.osmosis.zone/developing/web-dev-guide.html)   /   not documented)
